Good.
We know how to use up some elements.
Next let's look at how we can work with strong and emphasise elements.
And we're gonna do the same old spiel where we're gonna create some kind of paragraph and let's say
within the paragraph I'm gonna say I don't know 30 words.
I think that's gonna be more than enough.
And then if I would like to use the strong and M moments most just gonna have to create them somewhere
within this paragraph again they can be really anywhere.
Just make sure if you'd like to have the aim suggestion you need to make like a little bit of space
as you can see if I press spacebar and this is gonna create a space and now I can write whatever element
I would like to have.
So since I'm looking for the strong element this is where I would like to play some text.
I'm gonna I'm just gonna grab whatever text I would like or hear these three words or the whole sentence.
It doesn't really matter.
And the moment we'll get a copy and paste it.
Notice that the text that is within the strong text is bold.
Now let me cover emphasis.
And then we're gonna go a little bit more detail because there's more than meets the eye with these
two elements.
So let's say again we're going to pick some words and then whatever amount of words we would like.
So let's say em.
So I would stand for emphasis and let's say in this case pick a little bit more words and just copy
paste it and sure enough as you can see right now the text that is within the emphasised element is
right now displayed italic.
So it's a little bit slanted.
Now the key with these two elements is like I said there's more than meets the eye because we could
have achieved this simply using the SPSS.
In general you would always prefer to assess just because you want to have all your styles in one place
and serve as an email just for a structure.
You don't want to mix and match them.
Now in this case however is the fact that within the strong and within E M elements being emphasis elements
also help us with accessibility.
So let's say you have a user who is accessing your project with a screen reader then the screen reader
is going to treat this differently.
Let's say whatever is within a strong as well as whatever we have within the emphasis.
So that's always you should keep an eye on wherever you're working with strong and emphasize elements.